well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
a common theme something that's
continuing to be said and a question I
got asked another thing that I keep
hearing is they need another Martin
Luther King they need a leader like
Martin Luther King they need somebody
who's gonna make the speeches and hold
hands in the streets and do all of those
wonderful things that we learned about
in grade school and that is what's a you
know gonna bring about real change
okay I've talked about in other videos
they don't need a leader we do people
who look like me need a leader it's our
mess we gotta clean it up but we're
going to come back to this idea that
they need another Martin Luther King now
the question I got asked was uh don't
you think that some of the people who
are speaking out right now don't don't
you think they're just doing it for
social cred they're trying to get points
you know they're they're just pandering
I'll acknowledge that on some level
there are probably some people who are
doing that as long as the people who
think they want another Martin Luther
King acknowledge that a calling to speak
is often a vocation of agony but we must
be right because the mood of the black
community is one of urgency they're
saying we waited too long and that we're
gonna have this kind of vigorous protest
every summer and then it's going to be
white America who determines how long
it's gonna take
and because I have a small platform here
I have people asking me to condemn
certain things I want to point out that
riots don't develop out of thin air
certain conditions continue to exist in
our society that must be condemned as
vigorously as you want me to condemn
Araya
because in the final analysis riots are
the language of the unheard so what are
you not hearing now if you don't like
what I just said you don't really want
another Martin Luther King because
pretty much all of that's a quote a
couple quotes you got to get that grade
school image of him out of your head
yeah he had a dream and he preached
non-violence
he didn't preach non-confrontation it's
a very different thing you know if you
ask me his best work was something
called letters from Birmingham jail
guess where he wrote it he wasn't
somebody who was afraid to buck the
system he preached non-violence not
non-confrontation and I know there's
people right now saying but they're
occupying all these places and they're
shutting down the streets we can't get
anything done yeah it's a great big
lunch counter protest same principle
it's the same principle only it's not
the middle of the 1900s it's 2020 it's
not in small rural towns in the south
it's all over the country in major
cities yeah it's got to be bigger
because they can't get hurt there
unheard they're trying to raise their
voice and that's how they think they
have to do it now with that frame of
mind with viewing it as a lunch counter
protest there was probably a photo in
your history book
who do you want to be do you want to be
the person sitting next to them at the
counter or do you want to be the person
smashing an egg on their head because
this is the same fight it's the same
struggle and if you're not lending your
voice to them right now if you're silent
they're on the wrong side of history
yeah I will acknowledge that there are
probably people out there just just
talking about it for social cred but I
know there's a lot of people out there
talking about it because there comes a
time when silence is betrayal
anyway it's just a phone
y'all have a good day